# HDA-HQSwap
This is the official repository for the publication "HQSwap: A Challenging High-Resolution Face-Swap Dataset for Improved Manipulation Detection" created by da/sec at HDA

## Abstract
The generalization capabilities to cross and unknown scenarios are one of the main issues to solve in deepfake detection research. This work provides a new face-swap dataset generated by six algorithms, which can be used to enhance current classifiers. Our work focuses on tackling open challenges in current datasets, such as a small number of bona fide images, a limited number of subjects, and unevenly split datasets. Our new dataset consists of around 70k high-resolution 1024x1024 subject-disjoint face images, not lossy compressed, and face-swapped. This is essential to accurately classify current classifiers and improve the accuracy of future classifiers, as resolution of face-swaps will likely increase in the future.

## Dataset

## Citation
```
@inproceedings{srock2024hqswap,
  title        = {HQSwap: A Challenging High-Resolution Face-Swap Dataset for Improved Manipulation Detection},
  author       = {Srock, Philipp and Tapia, Juan E. and Busch, Christoph},
  booktitle    = {Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Biometrics: Theory, Applications, and Systems (BTAS)},
  year         = {2024},
  pages        = {1--10},
  publisher    = {IEEE},
  doi          = {10.1109/BTAS59272.2024.10732123}}
```

## Disclaimer

The HQSwap dataset is provided for academic and research purposes only. It is intended to support research in facial image manipulation detection, deepfake analysis, and related fields.
Any use of this dataset must comply with ethical guidelines and the terms of use set forth by the authors. Commercial use, redistribution, or any application outside of legitimate research must be coordinated with the authors.
The dataset contains synthetic or manipulated facial images generated via face-swapping techniques. These images are not representative of real individuals and should not be used to infer identity, consent, or personal attributes.
For questions, collaboration, or clarification regarding the dataset, please contact:
Philipp Srock (philipp.srock@h-da.de) and Juan E. Tapia (juan.tapia-farais@h-da.de) at Department of Computer Science, Hochschule Darmstadt, University of Applied Sciences, Germany.
